Fix "by using" in concepts N--Z (#3207)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_restricting-hosts-access-to-content.adoc

> Architecture and OS version restrictions::

Author: ```suggestion
Architecture and operating system version restrictions::
```

> In custom products, you can set restrictions on the architecture and OS versions for `{client-content-type}` repositories on which the product will be available.

Author: ```suggestion
In custom products, you can set restrictions on the architecture and operating system versions for `{client-content-type}` repositories on which the product will be available.
```

For example, if you restrict a custom repository to *{client-os} {client-os-major}*, it is only available on hosts running {client-os} {client-os-major}.

> Architecture and OS version restrictions hold the highest priority among all other strategies.

Author: ```suggestion
Architecture and operating system version restrictions hold the highest priority among all other strategies.
```

They cannot be overridden or invalidated by content overrides, changes to content views, or changes to lifecycle environments.

> For this reason, {Team} recommends considering the other strategies mentioned before that use architecture or OS version restrictions.

Author: ```suggestion
For this reason, {Team} recommends considering the other strategies mentioned before that use architecture or operating system version restrictions.
```

ifdef::orcharhino[]
ifdef::red_hat_enterprise_linux[]

> Red{nbsp}Hat repositories set architecture and OS version restrictions automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
Red{nbsp}Hat repositories set architecture and operating system version restrictions automatically.
```

* The repository is included in the host's content view and lifecycle environment.
* The host's content view has been published after the repository was added to it.
* The repository has not been filtered out by a content view filter.
* The repository is enabled by default or overridden to *Enabled* by using a content override.

> * The repository has no architecture or OS version restrictions or it has architecture or OS version restrictions that match the host.

Author: ```suggestion
* The repository has no architecture or operating system version restrictions or it has architecture or operating system version restrictions that match the host.
```
